Terms of Service Violation Notice
=================================

We require your immediate attention regarding serious App Store guideline
violations that we have found with your app, Parler. We have received numerous
complaints regarding objectionable content in your Parler service, accusations
that the Parler app was used to plan, coordinate, and facilitate the illegal
activities in Washington D.C. on January 6, 2021 that led (among other things)
to loss of life, numerous injuries, and the destruction of property. The app
also appears to continue to be used to plan and facilitate yet further illegal
and dangerous activities.

Our investigation has found that Parler is not effectively moderating and
removing content that encourages illegal activity and poses a serious risk to
the health and safety of users in direct violation of your own terms of
service, found here:

https://legal.parler.com/documents/Elaboration-on-Guidelines.pdf

Examples of these complaints can be viewed on these links:

	https://twitter.com/slpng_giants/status/1347190280492089344?s=20
	https://twitter.com/EmmanueLoree/status/1347260055410896897/photo/1
	https://twitter.com/Lovedrea/status/1347263797614972928?s=20
	https://twitter.com/Wilmographer/status/1346714000554303489?s=20
	https://twitter.com/pjg0014/status/1347265499210592256?s=20

Content of this dangerous and harmful nature is not appropriate for the App
Store. As you know from prior conversations with App Review, Apple requires
apps with user generated content to effectively moderate to ensure
objectionable, potentially harmful content is filtered out. Content that
threatens the well being of others or is intended to incite violence or other
lawless acts has never been acceptable on the App Store.

Your CEO was quoted recently saying "But I don’t feel responsible for any of
this and neither should the platform, considering we’re a neutral town square
that just adheres to the law.” We want to be clear that Parler is in fact
responsible for all the user generated content present on your service and for
ensuring that this content meets App Store requirements for the safety and
protection of our users. We won’t distribute apps that present dangerous and
harmful content.

We have now rejected your app for the App Store Review Guidelines detailed below.

_Guideline 1.1_ - Safety - Objectionable Content: We found that your app
includes content that some users may find upsetting, offensive, or otherwise
objectionable. Specifically, we found direct threats of violence and calls to
incite lawless action.


_Guideline 1.2_ - Safety - User Generated Content: Your app enables the
display of user-generated content but does not have sufficient precautions in
place to effectively manage objectionable content present in your app.

See the attached screenshots for more details.

Next Steps
==========

Nothing is more important to the App Store than the safety of our users. You
must resolve these issue immediately for your app to remain on the App Store.
Please remove all objectionable content from your app and submit your revised
binary for review. Such content includes any content similar to the examples
attached to this message, as well as any content referring to harm to people or
attacks on government facilities now or at any future date.

In addition, you must respond to this message with detailed information about
how you intend to moderate and filter this content from your app, and what you
will do to improve moderation and content filtering your service for this kind
of objectionable content going forward.

To ensure there is no interruption of the availability of your app on the App
Store, please submit an update and the requested moderation improvement plan
within 24 hours of the date of this message. If we do not receive an update
compliant with the App Store Review Guidelines and the requested moderation
improvement plan in writing within 24 hours, your app will be removed from the
App Store.

If you have any questions about this message, please reply and let us know.

Regards,

 
Apple, Inc.
App Review Board

